add supporter model documentation (#509)
comcode-org/hackmud_wiki: docs/guides/misc/supporter_benefits.mdx

---
title: Supporter Model and Benefits
---

The [ComCODE Supporter Model](https://givebutter.com/QncoAxxT2tdWf3UfJ2x95z25n1HNizxI) intends to provide a way for anyone to support ComCODE's long term development of hackmud.

> By supporting [ComCODE](https://comcode.org/) you are making a donation to ComCODE, a 501(c)-3 Non-Profit, on a monthly recurring basis. This will help us to achieve our goal of financial sustainability, so that we can continue to deliver on our mission.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By supporting [ComCODE](https://comcode.org/) you are making a donation to ComCODE, a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization, on a monthly recurring basis. This will help us to achieve our goal of financial sustainability, so that we can continue to deliver on our mission.
```
